Metadata:
    yield: 12 bagels
    prep time: 4 hours
    cook time: 15 minutes
    descripton: These bagels are made with an Italian cheese
    source: https://www.browneyedbaker.com/asiago-bagels/
    author: Michelle

Ingredients:
    Asiago cheese                 325 g
    baking soda                   1 tbsp
    bread flour                   595 g
    bread four                    375 g
    cornmeal                      some
    malt powder                   2 tsp
    salt                          2.5 tsp
    water                         625 mLs
    yeast                         1.5 tsp

Cookware:
    4-quart mixing bowl
    towel
    sheet pans
    parchment paper
    oven
    large pot
    slotted spoon

Steps:
     1. To make the songe, stir the yeast into the bread flour in a 4-quart mixing bowl. Add water,
        whisking or stirring only until it forms a smooth, sticky batter. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap
        and leave at room temperature for approximately 2 hours, or until the mixture becomes very foamy
        and bubbly. It should swell to nearly double in size and collapse when the bowl is tapped on the
        countertop.
        [bread flour: 500 g; water: 625 mLs; yeast: 1 tsp]
     2. To make the dough, in the same mixing bowl add the additional yeast to the sponge and stir. Then
        add bread four, salt and malt powder.  Stir until the ingredients from a ball, slowly working in the
        remaining bread flour to stiffen the dough.
        [bread flour: 95 g; bread four: 375 g; malt powder: 2 tsp; salt: 2.5 tsp; yeast: 0.5 tsp]
     3. Transfer the dough to the counter and knead for at least 10 minutes. Add the shredded Asiago
        cheese during the last minute or so of kneading, and knead until evenly distributed. The dough
        should be dirm, stiffer than French bread dough, but still pliable and smooth. There should be no
        raw flout - all the ingredients should be hydrated. The dough should pass the windowpane test and
        tegister 77 to 81F. If the dough seems dry and rips, add a few drops of water and continue
        kneading. If the dough seems sticky or tacky, add more flour to achieve the stiffness required. The
        kneaded dough should feel satiny and pliable but not be tacky.
        [Asiago cheese: 225 g]
     4. Immediately divide the dough into 12 equal pieces. For the pieces into rolls.
        [–]
     5. Cover the rolls with a damp towel and allow to rest for approximately 20 minutes.
        [–]
     6. Line two sheet pans with parchment paper and mist lightly with oil. Proceed with shaping the
        bagels: Push a hole through the center of the roll owth your thumb and stretch out the hole to 2.5
        inches in diameter, making sure that the resulting ring has a fairly even thickness all the way
        around.
        [–]
     7. Place each of the shaped pieces 2 inches apart on the pan. Mist the bagels lighly with oil and
        cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let the pans sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.
        [–]
     8. Check to see if the bagels are ready to be retarted in the refridgerator by using the float
        test. Fill a small bowl with cool or room temperature water. The bagels are ready to be retarted
        when they float within 10 seconds of being dropped into the water. Take one bagel and test it. If
        it floats, immediately return the tester bagel to the pan, pat it stry, cover the pan, ad place in
        the refridgerator overnight (up to 2 days). If the bagel does not float, return it to the pan and
        continue to proof the dough at room temperature, checking back every 10 to 20 munutes or so until a
        tester floats. The tim needed to accomplish the float will vary, depending on the ambient
        temperature and the stiffness of the dough.
        [–]
     9. The following day, prehear the oven to 500F with the two rack set in the middle of the oven.
        Bring a large pot of water to boil and add the baking soda. Have a slotted spoon or skimmer nearby.
        [baking soda: 1 tbsp]
    10. Remove the bagels from the refridgerator and gently drop them into the water, boiling only as
        many as comfortably fit. After 1 minute flip them over and boil for another 1 minute. While the
        bagels are boiling, sprinkle the parchment-lines sheet pans with cornmeal.[- Can also use Semolina
        flour -] Sprinkle the bagels with the shredded Asiago cheese as soon as they come out of the water.
        [Asiago cheese: 100 g; cornmeal: some]
    11. When all the bagels have been boiled and topped, place the pans on the two middle shelves in the
        oven. Bake for approximately 8 minutes, then rotate the pans, switching shelves and giving the pans
        a 180-degree rotation. After the rotation, lower the oven temperature to 450F and continue bking
        for about 8 minutes, or until the bagels turn golden brown.
        [–]
    12. Remove the pans from the oven and let the bagels cool on a rack for 15 minutes before serving.
        [–]
